add solution sln1
add project prj1
add context ctx1
add signal s1
add signal s2
add signal s3
add signal s4
add signal s5
add signal s6
add signal s7
add signal s8
add signal s9
add signal s10
add signal s11
add signal s12
add signal s13
add signal s14
add signal s15
add signal s16
add signal s17
add signal s18
add signal s19
add signal s20
add orgate og1
add signal s21
add pin p1
add pin p2
add pin p3
add pin p4
add pin p5
add pin p6
add pin p7
add pin p8
add pin p9
add pin p10
add pin p11
add pin p12
add pin p13
add pin p14
add pin p15
add pin p16
add pin p17
add pin p18
add pin p19
add pin p20
add orgate og2
add signal s22
add pin p21
add pin p22
add pin p23
add pin p24
add pin p25
add pin p26
add pin p27
add pin p28
add pin p29
add pin p30
add pin p31
add pin p32
add pin p33
add pin p34
add pin p35
add pin p36
add pin p37
add pin p38
add pin p39
add pin p40
connect o_s1 p1 false false
connect p1 p2 false false
connect o_s2 p2 false false
connect p2 p3 false false
connect o_s4 p3 false false
connect p3 p4 false false
connect o_s3 p4 false false
connect p4 p5 false false
connect o_s8 p5 false false
connect p5 p6 false false
connect o_s7 p6 false false
connect p6 p7 false false
connect o_s5 p7 false false
connect p7 p8 false false
connect o_s6 p8 false false
connect p8 p9 false false
connect o_s16 p9 false false
connect p9 p10 false false
connect o_s15 p10 false false
connect p10 p11 false false
connect o_s13 p11 false false
connect p11 p12 false false
connect o_s14 p12 false false
connect p12 p13 false false
connect o_s9 p13 false false
connect p13 p14 false false
connect o_s10 p14 false false
connect p14 p15 false false
connect o_s12 p15 false false
connect p15 p16 false false
connect o_s11 p16 false false
connect p16 p17 false false
connect o_s20 p17 false false
connect p17 p18 false false
connect o_s19 p18 false false
connect p18 p19 false false
connect o_s17 p19 false false
connect p19 p20 false false
connect o_s18 p20 false false
connect p20 t_og1 false false
connect r_og1 i_s21 false false
connect o_s1 p21 false false
connect p21 p22 false false
connect o_s2 p22 false false
connect p22 p23 false false
connect o_s4 p23 false false
connect p23 p24 false false
connect o_s3 p24 false false
connect p24 p25 false false
connect o_s8 p25 false false
connect p25 p26 false false
connect o_s7 p26 false false
connect p26 p27 false false
connect o_s5 p27 false false
connect p27 p28 false false
connect o_s6 p28 false false
connect p28 p29 false false
connect o_s16 p29 false false
connect p29 p30 false false
connect o_s15 p30 false false
connect p30 p31 false false
connect o_s13 p31 false false
connect p31 p32 false false
connect o_s14 p32 false false
connect p32 p33 false false
connect o_s9 p33 false false
connect p33 p34 false false
connect o_s10 p34 false false
connect p34 p35 false false
connect o_s12 p35 false false
connect p35 p36 false false
connect o_s11 p36 false false
connect p36 p37 false false
connect o_s20 p37 false false
connect p37 p38 false false
connect o_s19 p38 false false
connect p38 p39 false false
connect o_s17 p39 false false
connect p39 p40 false false
connect o_s18 p40 false false
connect p40 t_og2 false false
connect r_og2 i_s22 false false
