add solution sln1
add project prj1
add context ctx1
add signal s1
add signal s2
add signal s3
add signal s4
add signal s5
add signal s6
add signal s7
add signal s8
add signal s9
add signal s10
add signal s11
add signal s12
add signal s13
add signal s14
add signal s15
add signal s16
add signal s17
add signal s18
add signal s19
add signal s20
add signal s21
add signal s22
add signal s23
add andgate ag1
add andgate ag2
add andgate ag3
add andgate ag4
add andgate ag5
add pin p1
add signal s24
add signal s25
add pin p2
add pin p3
add pin p4
add pin p5
add andgate ag6
add andgate ag7
add andgate ag8
add andgate ag9
add andgate ag10
add andgate ag11
add andgate ag12
add pin p6
add pin p7
add pin p8
add pin p9
add pin p10
add pin p11
add pin p12
add orgate og1
add orgate og2
add pin p13
add pin p14
add signal s26
add orgate og3
add orgate og4
add orgate og5
add orgate og6
add signal s27
add signal s28
add signal s29
add signal s30
add pin p15
add pin p16
add pin p17
add pin p18
connect o_s1 p1 false false
connect p1 t_ag1 false false
connect o_s2 l_ag1 false false
connect o_s25 p2 false false
connect p2 t_ag2 false false
connect o_s3 l_ag2 false false
connect o_s4 p3 false false
connect p3 t_ag3 false false
connect o_s5 l_ag3 false false
connect o_s6 p4 false false
connect p4 t_ag4 false false
connect o_s7 l_ag4 false false
connect o_s8 p5 false false
connect p5 t_ag5 false false
connect o_s9 l_ag5 false false
connect o_s10 p6 false false
connect p6 t_ag6 false false
connect o_s11 l_ag6 false false
connect o_s12 p7 false false
connect p7 t_ag7 false false
connect o_s13 l_ag7 false false
connect o_s14 p8 false false
connect p8 t_ag8 false false
connect o_s15 l_ag8 false false
connect o_s16 p9 false false
connect p9 t_ag9 false false
connect o_s17 l_ag9 false false
connect o_s18 p10 false false
connect p10 t_ag10 false false
connect o_s19 l_ag10 false false
connect o_s20 p11 false false
connect p11 t_ag11 false false
connect o_s21 l_ag11 false false
connect o_s22 p12 false false
connect p12 t_ag12 false false
connect o_s23 l_ag12 false false
connect r_ag1 p13 false false
connect p13 t_og1 false false
connect r_ag2 l_og1 false false
connect r_og1 i_s24 false false
connect r_ag3 p14 false false
connect p14 t_og2 false false
connect r_ag4 l_og2 false false
connect r_og2 i_s26 false false
connect r_ag5 p15 false false
connect p15 t_og3 false false
connect r_ag6 l_og3 false false
connect r_og3 i_s27 false false
connect r_ag7 p16 false false
connect p16 t_og4 false false
connect r_ag8 l_og4 false false
connect r_og4 i_s28 false false
connect r_ag9 p17 false false
connect p17 t_og5 false false
connect r_ag10 l_og5 false false
connect r_og5 i_s29 false false
connect r_ag11 p18 false false
connect p18 t_og6 false false
connect r_ag12 l_og6 false false
connect r_og6 i_s30 false false
